Now if the changes we implemented over the last six years one thing broke a set log out timer doesn't
really work as before anymore because if we're initializing our state on the server through the cookie
then this will be executed on the server.
And it's not helpful to us there.
It doesn't work with the store and the wax that actually runs in the browser.
So a more efficient way of checking whether we have a valid token is to not use the site log out timer
thing here.
So therefore what I will do is I will no longer dispatch this action to set this log out timer.
I will still check for the expiration date though I still want to ensure we're not logging the user
in with expired tokens but I will not use set log out timer.
So let's get rid of all places where we dispatch this instead.
We can simply perform this check through check.
All right check off the middle where we created cold's in it off on every route that needs a token.
So in the end we're already executing this in it of action here where we're dispatching the action all
the time even on the client or also on the client.
So we're constantly checking the expiration date.
And if we ever find out that we get no expiration date then there's the important thing then we should
not return here but we should simply commit our clear token method.
So if you x context commit clear token that is what I want to execute in this case.
If I find out the token expired and the same of course should be done for our check when we fetch it
from the cookie there we don't even do this check.
We just use our expiration date.
We just get it this check.
Overall should simply be moved off or if else statements.
So did we only retrieve values in the if else statements.
The logic happens off grid.
So here in this place I will check if no token or invalid token and if either of the two is the case
then clear token is committed.
So this mutation up here which then really sets a token to now in our view x store and if we do that
and we reload our application
everything still works as before.
But for tokin ever becomes invalid We will no longer be locked in if we click around because then we
will essentially be frozen out because our token will then be invalid.
So right now inspect our store.
We have a token here right so that is our current state but let's now simulate that it's in Valot and
to simulate this when we store the token let's simply not multiply this with 1000.
So then it's only going to be free not 6 seconds.
So if we do this now and we go back to the off page to log in again and get a new token.
Now we are a syndicated But actually if I click around a bit this never fires search there seems to
be something wrong.
Let's quickly have a look at this and outpoured new date gets time and also output the expiration date
as a number to see what's inside that.
Let's now quickly reload and let's log in again to get a new token again.
And the problem here is really that they are of different lengths as you can see.
So we need to fix that and this is happening due to an interesting blog which I introduced here when
I stored a token into cookie or in local storage.
I get the current time stamp and I add the expires in time.
That however is a string.
And this concatenates does all to one big string.
So I actually need up to add up less in front of this year.
Q Two can word this into a number of first.
Or simply use number parse it and pass the string as an argument and do the same of course here when
I store it in the cookie or doing it like this I'm now converting this to number first so that the addition
here yields a number.
So let's now quickly go back to the off page.
Now does looks much better.
And now I'm redirected back because now we get no token or invalid token.
So this is now working.
Let's now revert back to ensure we're storing the right expiry time or we're using the right expiry
time.
Let's get rid of that Konsole law here
and now we want to add this times when down here
to the current time stamp so that we convert our time in seconds here to milli seconds.
Now we get this check implement that and of course you can still improve the general error handling.
For example if you try to send the request with the invalid token and you get back an error from the
back end here and the catch block instead of logging it to the console you could Frot an alert or change
some average state to trigger some Avri UI element to show a modal or something like debt.
But we got a working of indication in place here now using the tools Nax gives us and working on both
the server side and the client side.